updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#16673)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wcf/feature-details/how-to-host-a-workflow-service-with-windows-server-app-fabric.md

ms.assetid: 83b62cce-5fc2-4c6d-b27c-5742ba3bac73
---
# How to: Host a Workflow Service with Windows Server App Fabric

> Hosting workflow services in App Fabric is similar to hosting under IIS/WAS. The only difference is the tools App Fabric provides for deploying, monitoring, and managing workflow services. This topic uses the workflow service created in the [Creating a Long-running Workflow Service](../../../../docs/framework/wcf/feature-details/creating-a-long-running-workflow-service.md). That topic will walk you through creating a workflow service. This topic will explain how to host the workflow service using App Fabric. For more information about Windows Server App Fabric, see [Windows Server App Fabric Documentation](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/aa139632.aspx). Before completing the steps below make sure you have Windows Server App Fabric installed.  To do this open up Internet Information Services (inetmgr.exe), click your server name in the **Connections** view, click Sites, and click **Default Web Site**. In the right-hand side of the screen you should see a section called **App Fabric**. If you don’t see this section (it will be on the top of the right-hand pane) you do not have App Fabric installed. For more information about installing Windows Server App Fabric see [Installing Windows Server App Fabric](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/appfabric/ee790960(v=azure.10)).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Hosting workflow services in App Fabric is similar to hosting under IIS/WAS. The only difference is the tools App Fabric provides for deploying, monitoring, and managing workflow services. This topic uses the workflow service created in the [Creating a Long-running Workflow Service](../../../../docs/framework/wcf/feature-details/creating-a-long-running-workflow-service.md). That topic will walk you through creating a workflow service. This topic will explain how to host the workflow service using App Fabric. For more information about Windows Server App Fabric, see [Windows Server App Fabric Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/appfabric/ff384253(v=azure.10)). Before completing the steps below make sure you have Windows Server App Fabric installed.  To do this open up Internet Information Services (inetmgr.exe), click your server name in the **Connections** view, click Sites, and click **Default Web Site**. In the right-hand side of the screen you should see a section called **App Fabric**. If you don’t see this section (it will be on the top of the right-hand pane) you do not have App Fabric installed. For more information about installing Windows Server App Fabric see [Installing Windows Server App Fabric](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/appfabric/ee790960(v=azure.10)).  
```

  
     ![Screenshot that shows Persisted Workflow Instance Details.](./media/how-to-host-a-workflow-service-with-windows-server-app-fabric/persisted-workflow-instance-detail.gif)  
  
     For more information about Windows Server App Fabric features and how to use them see [Windows Server App Fabric Hosting Features](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/appfabric/ee677189(v=azure.10))  
  
## See also

- [Creating a Long-running Workflow Service](../../../../docs/framework/wcf/feature-details/creating-a-long-running-workflow-service.md)
- [Windows Server App Fabric Hosting Features](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/appfabric/ee677189(v=azure.10))
- [Installing Windows Server App Fabric](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/appfabric/ee790960(v=azure.10))

> - [Windows Server App Fabric Documentation](https://msdn.microsoft.com/library/aa139632.aspx)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Windows Server App Fabric Documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/previous-versions/appfabric/ff384253(v=azure.10))
```
